Repair Supplementary Item Rebalance

Lots of complex changes to what items can be used with what kits, almost all buffs. Here they are:
-Cloth Mask can be used with weapon cleaning kits
-Rope can be used with glue, cleaning kits, and gun oils
-Soaked Underwear can be used with glues and weapon cleaning kits and no longer with armor repair kits
-Synthetic rope can now be used with basic sewing kit and glues
-Camo Tarpaulin can now be used with basic sewing kit and no longer with gun oils
-Duct Tape can now be used with weapon repair kits and no longer with cleaning kits or gun oils (wtf)
-Bedspread was not changed (only used with armor repair kits and sewing kits except for basic)
-Steel Wool was not changed (useful for all stages of weapon repair & maintenance)
-Industrial Grease was not changed (useful for weapon repair & cleaning kits, but not gun oiling, which is not counterintuitive because putting grease down your barrel is a waste of grease and potentially dangerous)

4 very simple stat changes that might substantially influence how you repair and maintain items:
Rope 0.7kg 		-> 0.2kg (roughly the weight of 100ft of paracord, a more reasonable weight of rope to repair gear with)
Synthetic Rope 4% 	-> 5% bonus 
Duct tape 0.13kg 	-> 0.02kg (Weight of 2 square feet of duct tape, roughly the quantity you might expect to use on a repair operation.)
Bedspread 3% 		-> 4% bonus

So basically,
Cloth Mask is still probably the best repair item, and now you can use it one more way.
Rope got a double buff, and now reasonably useful for minor armor repairs as well as gun oiling and is now light enough to carry into the field.
Soaked Underwear got a massive buff as you can now use it for cheap and lightweight gun oiling fodder, it's like duct tape for guns.
Synthetic rope got a double buff, and became substantially more useful at all levels of armor repair & maintenance, but still very heavy and to be left at base.
Camo Tarpaulin is now useful for sewing kit usage, but due to its weight this is usually best left back at base or for fixing up exosuits with glue.
Duct tape got a use case nerf but then a weight buff (putting it into the role of lightweight armor maintenance booster and not cheap gun oiling fodder)
Bedspread got a minor buff but it was barely useful to begin with, it's still far from an ideal choice but now the bonus isn't quite so bad.
Steel Wool is still among the best repair items but so hard to get in quantity.
Industrial Grease was left as-is, a situationally good choice that depends on the repair level of the firearm.


It's worth mentioning that these buffs are designed to complement the balance changes of the primary repair equipment.

Why didn't I touch Leather Boots, Gloves, Magazines, Cutlery, and other noteworthy repair items? They were already balanced enough for what they are. I might visit them in the future but this process is actually a lot of work so I am only willing to do so many items at once.


ARMOR - RKs: -underwear

ARMOR - MK's: synthrope (on sewing kit)

NOTE: Emergency Armor Repair Kits uses the same items as glues and can use glues in return. They are effectively lumped together with the glue tier.

ARMOR - LM: rope, underwear, synthrope, tarpaulin



WEAP - RK's: duct_tape

NOTE: Universal Heavy Duty Maintenance Kit uses the same items as Cleaning Kits, despite clearly being a form of Repair Kit. This is its unique niche.

WEAP - MK's:  helm_cloth_mask, rope, underwear, -duct_tape

WEAP - LM: rope, -tarpaulin, -duct_tape
































