NEW GAME LOADOUT+ (NGL+)
REWRITE AND REBALANCE by SILKYSMOOTH
v1.4	2021-02-06

REQUIREMENTS:
!	None

COMPATIBILITY and CONFLICTS:

!!	Boomsticks and Sharpsticks WILL REQUIRE A MERGE IF YOU WANT BaS WEAPONS TO APPEAR IN THE NEW GAME LOADOUT LISTS

!	Any other addon that includes a new_game_loadouts.ltx will also have to be overwritten, or reorganized and merged with the new structure of NGL+. I've done my best to make any manual merges or additions as painless as possible by separating faction lists per item class.  

! Add items to [custom] or [shared] sections of new_game_loadouts.ltx if you want every faction to have access to that item, else add items to the desired faction.  Syntax and examples are available in the new_game_loadouts.ltx.

!	Any addon that alters the effects of consumables may be unbalanced with the new Point prices for items.
 
MANUAL INSTALLATION: 
1.	LEFT-CLICK 'gamedata' folder in this archive

2.	DRAG 'gamedata' FOLDER to your main Anomaly directory (no subfolders highlighted)
2a.	OR COPY/PASTE it there, to automatically merge it with existing 'gamedata' folder.  

3.	OVERWRITE new_game_loadouts.ltx, items_money.ltx, and st_items_money.xml if prompted. 
	money files are not necessary for the addon to function, they can be overwritten or ignored as needed. 

4.	That's it, enjoy

MANUAL UNINSTALL:
1.	DELETE new_game_loadouts.ltx, items_money.ltx, and st_items_money.xml their respective folders in gamedata:
loadouts	- configs>items>settings
money		- configs>items>items
money text	- configs>text>eng

The goal is to give the player MORE OPTIONS FOR NEW GAME LOADOUTS, with story mode, freeplay, and warfare in mind, without being completely imbalanced.

FACTION CHOICE should have more impact on the first few days, with the additional variety in starting weapons and consumables.  The faction and equipment that the player picks should have a notable impact on the possibilities of the first in-game week.  

PROGRESSION DIFFICULTY budgets are tuned so that the player has the option to be at least on par with rookie AI stalkers, on any difficulty.  Weapons, food/drink, and healing items are considered essentials, but quality and quantity may be restricted by both faction choice and progression difficulty.  Alternatively, the player may choose to start with no weapons, food/drink, or healing at all. 

POINT PRICES ARE REBALANCED to more accurately reflect the value of items.  Most notably, food and drinks have their point costs tied to both calories and radiation removal, and healing items are priced based on their effects and intensity. All factions start with 5000 rubles, and excess points (up to 1000) can be traded in for a maximum range of 5300-10,000 rubles. 

"HOBO PHASE" of having a PM and 2 bandages to your name, IS OPTIONAL even on Survivalist economy.  Any faction has access to a selection of 9 GENERIC, CHEAP SURPLUS WEAPONS, and additional choices of more expensive, higher-end FACTION WEAPONS.  Faction weapons are generally at least twice as expensive as their surplus counterparts, with quality to justify the price. 

LONERS, CLEAR SKY, and FREEDOM have a little bit of everything: decent weapons, decent equipment, etc.  
MILITARY and DUTY have simple, clean-cut grunt loadouts for straightforward, quick missions like mutant hunts and assaults on stalker camps. 
MERCS and MONOLITH live up to their reputation as dangerously well-armed killers, with access to a wide variety of starting weapons and equipment. 
ECOLOGISTS are a notable outlier, with immediate access to a Svarog detector for enthusiastic artefact hunters, and a suite of high-tier meds with a slight discount. 
BANDIT and RENEGADES are roughly armed with scant provisions, and are best served by finding some hapless stalkers and taking their things by force.

Highly-organized/Paramilitary factions start with PDA 2.0, this is by design. 

STARTING MONEY is slightly randomized. All factions spawn with 5000 in their inventory by default, and spare 'Points' can be cashed in for varying amounts of Rubles.  Stack values are random within a range, and rolls when character spawns.

Large Stack of Soviet rubles	= 1000 - 5000 (x1) 500 points each
Stack of Soviet rubles			=  900 - 1000 (x3) 100 points each
Small Stack of Soviet rubles	=  400 -  500 (x4)  50 points each


~ Thank You So Much For To Reading My Readme ~



-------------------- Author's Note for Lore Nerds

Much inspiration was taken from the Dark Souls series and the like: games where the character select screen itself presents some background lore in description and details, to paint a picture of the world and your character's place in it from the very first moments in the game.  This is my attempt to bring some of that world-building and roleplay to Anomaly without relying on pre-defined "classes" so heavily.  That means a bit of thought was put into the selections of most weapons and items, so if you'd like to look for background narrative there, you can.